Remove stale links from GH issue or SF (#578)
openSUSE/daps: README.adoc

== Forum

> Look into https://github.com/openSUSE/daps/discussions[GitHub Discussions]
> to find or create new posts.

Reviewer: Maybe simpler:
```suggestion
Use the https://github.com/openSUSE/daps/discussions[GitHub Discussions] of this repository.
```
